docs/actions.md, before:

# BpyBuild Actions

One feature of BpyBuild is the ability to write scripts and run them at build time. This page goes over how to write a build script.

# Quick Start
Here's an example of a simple action:
```yaml
# bpy-build.yaml
build_actions:
  dev: 
    script: "dev.py"
```

```py
# dev.py
def main() -> None:
    with open("mcprep_dev.txt", "w") as f:
        f.write("hi guys c:")

# Not required, but useful for testing
if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

> [!CAUTION]
> **Never** put action related code in the global scope. 
>
> BpyBuild doesn't run scripts in the traditional sense. Instead, BpyBuild imports scripts as Python modules and runs `main`. As such, global code is executed on import, which is before the actual build process.

# Hooks
BpyBuild also supports the concept of hooks. Currently, the following hooks are supported:
- `main`: executed during the build process; working directory is set to a copy of the source tree under `build/stage-1`
- `pre_build`: executed before building; working directory is set to the `addon_folder` variable defined in `bpy-build.yaml`
- `pre_install`: executed before installing the built addon; working directory is set to `build/`
- `post_install`: executed after installing the built addon; working directory is set to the addons folder of the Blender version last installed to
- `clean_up`: executed after all other build processes; working directory is set to the `addon_folder` variable defined in `bpy-build.yaml`

> [!IMPORTANT]
> `pre_install` and `post_install` are executed for each version BpyBuild installs the addon to. For example, if BpyBuild installs to Blender 4.0 and Blender 4.1, `pre_install` and `post_install` will be executed twice, once for 4.0 and once for 4.1

To use one of these hooks, simply define an action using the name:
```py
# dev.py
def clean_up():
    # do stuff...
```

## Returning warnings and error
What if you want to raise an error or warning at build time? Well that's easy with `BpyError` and `BpyWarning`. These are simple to use:
```py
# dev.py

from bpy_addon_build.api import BpyError

def main():
    return BpyWarning("Warning, but continue on")

def clean_up():
    return BpyError("Error in cleanup!")
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> An empty return statement (i.e. `return` with no value) is interpreted as success

Commit message:

Added BabContext for API functions

docs/actions.md, after:

# BpyBuild Actions

One feature of BpyBuild is the ability to write scripts and run them at build time. This page goes over how to write a build script.

# Quick Start
Here's an example of a simple action:
```yaml
# bpy-build.yaml
build_actions:
  dev: 
    script: "dev.py"
```

```py
# dev.py
from bpy_addon_build.api import BabContext

def main(ctx: BabContext) -> None:
    with open("mcprep_dev.txt", "w") as f:
        f.write("hi guys c:")
```

> [!CAUTION]
> **Never** put action related code in the global scope. 
>
> BpyBuild doesn't run scripts in the traditional sense. Instead, BpyBuild imports scripts as Python modules and runs `main`. As such, global code is executed on import, which is before the actual build process.

# Hooks
BpyBuild also supports the concept of hooks. Currently, the following hooks are supported:
- `main`: executed during the build process; working directory is set to a copy of the source tree under `build/stage-1`
- `pre_build`: executed before building; working directory is set to the `addon_folder` variable defined in `bpy-build.yaml`
- `pre_install`: executed before installing the built addon; working directory is set to `build/`
- `post_install`: executed after installing the built addon; working directory is set to the addons folder of the Blender version last installed to
- `clean_up`: executed after all other build processes; working directory is set to the `addon_folder` variable defined in `bpy-build.yaml`

> [!IMPORTANT]
> `pre_install` and `post_install` are executed for each version BpyBuild installs the addon to. For example, if BpyBuild installs to Blender 4.0 and Blender 4.1, `pre_install` and `post_install` will be executed twice, once for 4.0 and once for 4.1

To use one of these hooks, simply define an action using the name:
```py
# dev.py
from bpy_addon_build.api import BabContext

def clean_up(ctx: BabContext):
    # do stuff...
```

## Returning warnings and error
What if you want to raise an error or warning at build time? Well that's easy with `BpyError` and `BpyWarning`. These are simple to use:
```py
# dev.py

from bpy_addon_build.api import BabContext, BpyWarning, BpyError

def main(ctx: BabContext):
    return BpyWarning("Warning, but continue on")

def clean_up(ctx: BabContext):
    return BpyError("Error in cleanup!")
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> An empty return statement (i.e. `return` with no value) is interpreted as success

# Using `BabContext`
`BabContext` is a required argument for all functions in BpyBuild. It's a simple dataclass defined as follows:
```py
@dataclass
class BabContext:
    # Path where the action is being
    # executed in. This should be
    # the intended cwd
    current_path: Path
```

- `current_path`: the intended working directory the function is executed in. This can be used to validate if you're in the correct working directory, or if you want to perform some file manipulation
